[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
Erin Lyons with us, a
multidimensional channeler
and healer who
infuses modalities
such as light language,
past life integration,
Akashic healing to
spark transformation.
Now, through her courses,
programs, and retreats,
she helps people
access higher timelines
rooted in love and abundance.
That's quite a bio, Erin.
How are you?
>>ERIN LYONS: I am amazing.
So happy to be here with you.
>>NOORY: How did you get
involved in all of this?
>>LYONS: Oh, wow.
I mean, I've been a
seeker my entire life,
pretty much I grew up with
my father being Muslim
and my mother being
Christian Baptist.
So from a young age, I just had
these questions about existence.
And of course, no adult
can answer these questions.
And I remember being maybe five
years old, and my dad asked me,
Are you going to be
Christian or Muslim?
because my parents
were separated.
And I go, I just want
to be a good person.
And so it's always
been within me
to want to understand how I
got here and consciousness
and, fast forward,
just ended up stumbling
into so many different
philosophies, ideologies,
and religions that helped me
formulate my own understanding
of what God or Source is.
>>NOORY: Did you end up
choosing between the two?
>>LYONS: I absolutely did not.
I did not choose
between the two,
but I began doing
a ton of research.
So I can even remember
getting home from high school
and just doing so much research
on different religions.
And I ultimately arrived
at my own conclusion
that all of these
schools of thought
were just interpreting
God in their own way.
And that helped me just reach
a universal place of acceptance
that God is everything
and within everyone.
>>NOORY: At what age was your
spiritual awakening, Erin?
>>LYONS: It was
always building up,
but I like to say it really
kicked off at age 19.
So at this point, I had
gone off to college.
And I mean, this is when
it really ramped up,
and I stumbled into a
psychedelic experience.
And I always say stumbled
into it because at the time--
>>NOORY: Not drugs?
>>LYONS: I had a psychedelic
experience with LSD, and--
>>NOORY: I didn't.
I never did, but some people
have, lots of them have.
>>LYONS: Yes.
Yes.
Nonetheless, I get
in this experience,
and I have a complete ego death.
I am reabsorbed back into
pure Source consciousness.
>>NOORY: Did you trip out?
>>LYONS: I did not.
I did not have what people
would term a bad trip.
However, as my ego--
I like to explain it as
it started to unravel,
meaning the personality,
the character that
is Erin at that time, everything
she had known and had been,
she began to dissolve into
pure I am, into nothing.
And as I was reabsorbed
into Source consciousness,
I could see my life
leading up to this point.
And essentially, I'm having
a conversation with Source.
We're working out all of
my trauma at this point.
We're working
out-- we're working
through all of my
baggage and ultimately
getting to a point
of just experiencing
eternal, pure,
unconditional love
and ecstasy beyond
explanation and seeing
the life that I was here to
live as a spiritual teacher
and healer.
>>NOORY: How long were
you under that situation?
>>LYONS: It was quite long.
It was extensive,
probably 12 hours.
>>NOORY: Kids, don't
do this at home.
>>LYONS: Probably 12 hours.
And I do not recommend,
meaning I don't--
>>NOORY: That's a long trip.
>>LYONS: Yes.
It's just something that ended
up being a part of my path.
>>NOORY: One time?
>>LYONS: I did end up having
a few, maybe one or two
other experiences.
But ultimately, I
didn't really need--
I didn't really need them.
And to be honest, I'm
very, very sensitive,
so a lot of interdimensional
travel would take place,
and it would actually
be hard for me
to come back into my body.
So even to this
day, I don't really
have a need to work with plant
medicine or psychedelics.
I actually want
to stay in my body
and be grounded so I can do
the work that I'm here to do.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Now, what is a
holographic matrix?
>>LYONS: Oh.
A holographic matrix
is-- well, first,
let's start with
what the matrix is.
>>NOORY: OK.
It's like the movie, right?
>>LYONS: Yes, like the movie.
However, we want to see this as
intersecting frequency signals.
Each and every one of us
are electromagnetic beings.
We are constantly generating
frequencies, vibrations
from our body that
go out into the field
and intersect with
the frequencies
that other people
are generating.
And then those
intersections begin
to create a collective grid.
And all of the beings
who are plugged
into that collective
grid, because it's
based on their frequency
and their consciousness,
they're having
resonant experiences.
So we could say,
there are a group
of people who are experiencing
the third dimensional matrix,
and then there are a group of
beings who are experiencing,
let's say, a fifth
dimensional matrix.
So there are different
collective vortices of energy
that beings cocreate.
And then that essentially
creates a joint experience.
>>NOORY: When you were going
through these situations,
did you feel at any point
that you could be harmed?
>>LYONS: You know, because
the unconditional love that I
experienced was--
it shed a light on
any false belief
I ever had about myself or about
anything else within existence.
It overpowered fear.
So there are two dominant states
of being within existence,
being love and
fear, and then you
have the spectrum in between.
But because this ultimate
supreme love just
washed over me, I felt
infinitely protected.
And I also understood that
the role or the nature of what
some people would
call evil or bad,
and I understood that that would
just be a frequency that I would
have to attune myself to to
be subject to that reality.
So love actually gives you
supreme protection and power
because you're no longer afraid.
>>NOORY: You did a live stream
with your social media audience,
thanks to technology, where you
explained what the matrix was.
In a nutshell,
let's take a look.
>>LYONS: OK.
We're just going to
start out with explaining
what the matrix is.
What is a matrix?
What is the matrix?
Why do we call it a matrix?
And I want you to
see the matrix simply
as different energetic
frequencies that
are intersecting,
meaning the frequencies
that you're generating
from your being,
they are intersecting and
interacting with the frequency
grid lines that somebody else
is generating from their being
because we are all
electromagnetic beings.
We are constantly generating
these frequencies,
broadcasting these frequencies,
creating our own grid.
And I just posted a reel on this
the other day or two days ago.
So when a mass part
of that consciousness
is vibrating on a similar
wavelength or frequency,
they are fueling that
particular grid experience.
So if we take a step back and we
look at the entire multiverse,
what the Galactic
Federation is showing
me right now is there
are infinite matrix grids
that a being can
be plugged into.
And so what we're going to
be talking about today is,
as the sovereign creator
of your reality starting
to ask yourself, which
grid am I plugged into?
Which matrix grid
template am I fueling?
template am I cocreating
with other beings who are on
that same frequency wavelength?
>>NOORY: Pretty deep, girl.
>>LYONS: [LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: It's very good, though.
>>LYONS: Thank you.
>>NOORY: What are
parallel realities?
And what do they
have to do with this?
>>LYONS: I like to see parallel
realities as infinite frames
or slots within
existence that are always
being created because Source is
experiencing itself through each
and every one of us.
And when we have a new
desire, that essentially
creates or activates
a new timeline
in the-- a new reality,
parallel reality
or timeline in
the field, quantum
field, that can be experienced.
And so because they're
infinite in nature,
they're also all happening
and available simultaneously.
A great example of this
is when you're listening
to the radio station and--
>>NOORY: My show.
>>LYONS: Exactly.
And let's say someone decides
to change from your show
and listen to something else.
It doesn't mean that
your station is not still
broadcasting your show
and that beings are not
still tuned into that.
So really, we want to see
reality as an infinite radio
station broadcasting
different signals, thus
creating different realities but
all happening at the same time.
>>NOORY: Can someone
shift their timelines
to experience
different realities?
>>LYONS: 100%.
It's just a matter
of becoming aware
of your personal frequency.
So how you would shift
into an alternate reality
or a parallel
version of yourself
that's experiencing something
completely different
is you would have to match
the vibrational signal
of that particular frequency.
And you would do that
through becoming this person,
so looking at your
beliefs, looking
at even your patterns,
your behaviors,
and what you subconsciously
expect from reality.
>>NOORY: Is it like
reprogramming yourself?
>>LYONS: That's
exactly what it is,
reprogramming your state of
being, which will ultimately
shift you into that
alternate version of yourself
and the reality
that you experience.
>>NOORY: Now, what if
you're doing this alone?
How do you coexist
with other humans?
>>LYONS: It's really
interesting how this works.
I want to use the example
of family members.
Your family could be
experiencing a reality where--
let's say they don't have
access to any spiritual topics,
or they're vibrating
in, let's say,
a third dimensional
consciousness.
And here you are, vibrating in a
fifth dimensional consciousness.
>>NOORY: Way up here.
>>LYONS: Right.
How is it that we're able
to still cocreate reality?
And it's because these
realities actually
overlap on top of
each other, and there
are collective
agreements and themes
that we have in place
while simultaneously
being able to create our own
experience within the Earth
game.
>>NOORY: We hear a lot
about the quantum field.
What does that mean?
>>LYONS: I see the quantum
field in two ways, one of which
is the infinite set of parallel
realities that we talked about.
But also, I see it as the
quantum electron network.
So the quantum field
comprises of subatomic matter.
And on a subatomic
matter level, there
are quantum particles that
are scanning and reading
vibrational signals and
thus taking those signals
and communicating throughout
the entire quantum network
to shift and reorganize energy,
reorganize matter to then
present a different reality.
>>NOORY: And technically,
when this is going on,
what's happening?
>>LYONS: What's
happening is that we
are electromagnetic beings
with a frequency signal.
We want to begin
seeing ourselves
as a walking Wi-Fi signal.
We are the technology.
>>NOORY: Are we all on
the same wavelength?
>>LYONS: No.
We're all vibrating
different wavelengths.
But the quantum field itself is
always scanning that vibration,
responding to it,
and showing us,
presenting to us what we
are vibrating essentially
in the form of
holographic pictures.
>>NOORY: Erin, when you get into
your mode, your channeling mode,
your healing mode, what
are you tapping into?
God?
>>LYONS: As a universal
channeler, I connect with,
really, three main
groups of consciousness--
Source energy, the angelic
realm, and also galactic beings.
>>NOORY: What is
quantum entanglement?
And what does that
have to do with this?
>>LYONS: When it comes
to quantum entanglement,
we're looking at particles,
quantum particles
within the subatomic
field of matter,
so this quantum
electron network that
can be in different
places or spaces
but nonetheless still
communicate, still be entangled,
still exchange information.
And so with the
entanglement is the cutting
through time and space that
these particles, no matter
the distance, can
always still be
connected and interact to
essentially shift reality.
>>NOORY: How do
we tap into that?
>>LYONS: Recognizing that this
quantum field, this network,
which is infinite
intelligence, is conscious,
and it's always listening to
you and responding to you.
So our scientists
actually discovered
that electrons respond and
behave based on the observer.
>>NOORY: And they react?
>>LYONS: And they react.
And then not only do they react,
they route and communicate
that information to other
particles within the field
so they all can work together
to reorganize themselves,
essentially, to present
a different reality.
So the more you
become aware of that,
it's about shifting what I like
to call your vibrational set
point, the frequency that
you typically operate in
because, really, you're
already communicating
with the field on autopilot.
>>NOORY: Some call it
Source, I call it God.
What do you call it?
>>LYONS: I say Source or God
interchangeably, or Universe.
>>NOORY: Explain that.
>>LYONS: You know, when I
first spiritually awakened,
I was really obsessed
with this idea of Source
because the word God held
so much vibrational baggage
and attachment.
>>NOORY: Too religious?
>>LYONS: Right.
There was a religious
context or a dogmatic context
or subconscious cues
associated with a vengeful God.
And so I really loved
the idea of Source.
But as I've continued
to mature spiritually,
I find that it's
less about the word,
and it's more about
the feeling when
you are connecting to what you
believe that presence to be.
>>NOORY: How important is
time in relationship to this?
>>LYONS: Time is
extremely important
for our human experience
because as a human,
we are experiencing linear time.
And it allows us to have
this gradual unfolding
of a story, of a
theme, of a concept,
as opposed to if
we were maybe fully
quantum, we would be able
to bilocate, trilocate,
and experience time
completely differently,
such as our ET star brothers
and sisters experience time.
>>NOORY: Does time and
Source have a correlation?
>>LYONS: Source is
experiencing time in totality.
And what I mean
by that is, let's
look at time as a
measure of distance.
The time that it would
take to get from,
let's say, point A, one city, to
point B, another city, the time
that it takes to get
to those different--
between those different points,
that's what we typically
experience as humans.
But for Source, it's at point
A and point B simultaneously,
meaning its awareness is
not localized within one
centric point but dispersed
across all timelines,
dimensions, and
spaces simultaneously.
So for Source, there is no time.
>>NOORY: Everything's instant?
>>LYONS: Instantaneously
present within all that is.
>>NOORY: How can we tap into
that Source and collapse time?
>>LYONS: When we access
the present moment.
And the present moment can
also be called the zero point.
And zero implies not positive
or negative, or here or there.
It just simply is.
In that nothingness
is also contained--
everything is contained
within that nothingness.
And so the present
moment is when
our mind is not in the past,
it's not in the future.
It's right here right now.
And then that gives
us access to choose
what we would like
to experience or what
reality we would like
to shift into next.
>>NOORY: Albert Einstein
would have had a great time
chatting with you about time.
He would have had his own
thoughts and his own views.
>>LYONS: I would have
loved talking to him.
>>NOORY: Do you think time can
be controlled, manipulated?
>>LYONS: Absolutely.
I believe that as you begin
shifting into higher dimensional
states of consciousness,
you not only transcend time,
but you have the ability to
speed time up or slow it down.
So an example of
speeding time up
would be you would
understand how
to shift through so many
different parallel realities
at an accelerated rate that
time begins moving faster.
So when people
say they're stuck,
what's actually
happening is, they
are experiencing parallel
realities that look, vibrate,
and feel the same as opposed to
shifting and accessing something
differently, so time
would feel really slow.
>>NOORY: How slow?
>>LYONS: As slow as they want
it to be based on their own idea
that they are stuck
somewhere within reality.
>>NOORY: Do you believe in
extraterrestrial life, Erin?
>>LYONS: Yes.
>>NOORY: What do
they think of time?
>>LYONS: The
extraterrestrials that I
work with tend to operate
outside of time and leverage
time to their advantage.
And so how they work with me
is that they can access me
from either the
past or the future
to shift an event
that is occurring
in either one of these places
within the time continuum.
So when you expand into
your quantum consciousness,
this is where it
becomes extremely
powerful to know how
to transcend time,
because you can impact different
parallel realities that are
playing out across creation.
>>NOORY: Can we control time?
>>LYONS: Yes.
>>NOORY: We can?
>>LYONS: I believe that
we can control time
with our perception of where
we find ourselves in reality.
So in this moment, I can decide
that although I'm experiencing
myself here with you, I know
there are other versions of me
other places.
And if I open myself up to that
possibility or that knowingness,
I can even interact with
other versions of myself.
>>NOORY: There
could be many yous.
>>LYONS: Many parallel versions
of me, I can interact with them.
And they can give
me information that
can help me shift the timeline,
the version of reality
that I'm experiencing.
>>NOORY: We hear the phrase
abundance quite a bit.
Now, to me, abundance
means accumulation.
What does it mean to you?
>>LYONS: I see abundance as not
being a particular condition
that is attached to
having something or not
having something.
So most people would
correlate abundance to money.
>>NOORY: Or possessions.
>>LYONS: Or possessions
or something specific
that helps them generate
the feeling of having.
I more so see abundance
as the infinite access
to different versions
of self and reality
that are always available.
So I could be in
a state right now
where, let's say, I don't
have the condition of money,
but my true abundance is
that I can shift my frequency
to access a version
of myself that
would experience more money.
And that is the true
source of my abundance,
that I can always go
somewhere else in the field.
>>NOORY: Erin,
give us an example
of how you would
tap into abundance.
>>LYONS: Tapping
into abundance is
all about your state of being.
But you see, your
state of being is
dependent upon your
core belief system.
Most people operate on what I
call the lack operating system.
They believe in the lack,
the absence, the missingness
of something, as
opposed to the presence,
the abundance of everything.
And so relating this to the
concept of parallel realities
in this quantum
field, if everything
is available within
existence and you just
have to shift your
frequency, there
can never be a
such thing as lack.
There can be a such
thing as you experiencing
a version of reality where
something is lacking,
but not because it's eternally
lacking, just because that's
the frequency that
you're vibrating in,
and that's what you see.
So we want to be in the
state of being of abundance,
and you can do this
by simply identifying
things around you that help
you access that state of being.
>>NOORY: Is it an
alternative reality?
>>LYONS: Yes.
So there's a version of us that
is experiencing lack that we
can agree to experience.
There is a version of us that's
experiencing abundance that we
can agree to experience.
They both exist simultaneously.
>>NOORY: Well, abundance is one
of your topics of expertise.
You're very good at it.
I could tell just
by talking to you.
And you teach your clients
how to not live in scarcity.
Let's take a look at some of
the things you teach them.
>>LYONS: OK.
Abundance is the
only real truth.
The abundance that we're talking
about, quantum abundance,
is the infinity of all of
these frames within existence
that you can activate
and experience.
That's true abundance.
Abundance is not necessarily
the condition of you
having to have
something right now.
This is really
important because we
don't allow ourselves
to experience
the emotional
qualities of abundance
or the state of being of
abundance, which is just
the presence of the
thing that we want,
because we're perceiving
that we don't have it.
But when we activate, shift
into our quantum consciousness,
we know, oh, that does exist.
It has to exist.
I can't even think of
that as a possibility.
It can't even be born
inside of me as a desire
if it doesn't exist,
if it didn't exist.
So it does exist.
And that's what
abundance really is,
that whatever solution or
outcome that you need right now,
it does exist.
>>NOORY: Were you
podcasting that?
>>LYONS: Yes, I was.
>>NOORY: What kind of
clients do you normally have?
What do they want?
>>LYONS: I work with star
seeds, many star seeds who
are spiritually
awakened individuals
who are desiring to create
a new reality of abundance
and all different
types of forms.
It could with their
business or career,
even with their spiritual gifts.
And so essentially, I help them
become the version of themselves
that can hold the reality
that they're asking for.
>>NOORY: What makes them come
to you in the first place, Erin?
What are they lacking?
>>LYONS: They come to me
because there's an attachment,
there's an attachment to an
identity that they believe they
cannot shift.
And so my work is all
about helping people
to hack their identity.
First, realize that
their identity is just
a set of beliefs that
they keep subscribing to.
>>NOORY: Even to
find that identity.
>>LYONS: Yeah.
Find that identity.
Recognize that it's
not their true--
what I say like to say is Source
self, which is that nothingness.
Really, we are all just nothing.
We're just consciousness.
And then from that
place of pure "I am,"
we choose the identity
that we desire,
which would impact how
we experience reality.
>>NOORY: What is light language?
>>LYONS: I see
light language as--
>>NOORY: I'm learning
new phrases with you.
>>LYONS: [GIGGLES] I see light
language as sacred geometry,
and it's actually
something that was
taught to me by angelic beings.
And if we were to look
at, let's say, a piano,
each of those keys on
the piano would not only
have a particular sound, it
would also have a symbol.
And the sounds and
symbols would also
correlate with a certain color
within the color spectrum.
And so with light
language, it actually
is channeling sacred
geometry because as you're
channeling the sound
vibrational tones,
they are creating structures.
They're creating
what I like to call
sacred geometric geometrical
light prisms that then would
interact with someone's
electromagnetic field
or correlate to different
chakras within the body system
and create
multidimensional healing.
>>NOORY: I just did a complete
radio show on sacred geometry,
and I learned more about that
than I ever thought I would.
Initially, I thought,
what does this
have to do with mathematics?
Nothing, totally different.
>>LYONS: Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: When you learn
how to tap into that,
you can do amazing things.
>>LYONS: Well, yes,
because sacred geometry
is the original
blueprint for creation.
It's essentially when Source
decided to experience itself
what we would call the Big
Bang, that coming into being,
into creation, into form,
created sound waves.
And as those sound
waves rippled out,
they intersected with each
other and created patterns
or geometrical prisms
that then created matter.
So sound is the beginning
of all structure.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Now, we've talked
about light language.
We talked about sacred geometry.
You've talked about it on your
social media all over the place.
Let's take another look at you.
>>LYONS: --be similar to--
they're sort of showing me
all of the keys on a keyboard
or the do, re, mi, fa--
whatever that whole thing is.
There are cosmic
symbols that would then
be the energetic representation
of that sound frequency.
So it's all interconnected.
Light language is literally
speaking in sacred geometry.
And so because you're using
these sound codes and dialects
that create these very
intricate patterns,
those patterns and structures
hold raw cosmic information
and key codes that
when they interact
with your electromagnetic
field, they trigger a quantum
rearrangement.
This is all deeply
and very scientific.
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
How do you learn this stuff?
>>LYONS: It downloads to me at--
>>NOORY: Who downloads it?
>>LYONS: Source,
angels, galactic beings.
>>NOORY: I want that contact.
>>LYONS: [LAUGHS]
And also building
on top of what other amazing
people are contributing
to the spirituality
space as well.
>>NOORY: Erin, somebody at
home watching you right now
on "Beyond Belief,"
and they're saying,
how does she tap into this?
I want to be able to do this.
What do you recommend?
What do we tell them?
>>LYONS: It's
actually quite simple
when it comes to channeling.
Everyone is already a channel.
It's more so a matter of,
what are you channeling?
Is your tuner set to
high-vibrational messages,
frequencies, concepts, beings,
or low-vibrational concepts,
frequencies, beliefs,
thoughts, et cetera?
The more you raise your core
vibration, which is simply
what is my emotional
state of being mostly,
that will give you
access to being
able to receive, being
a receptive mode,
to receive and communicate with
what we would call God, Source,
higher intelligence,
or beings who operate
in an extremely high frequency.
>>NOORY: I want to
hear and experience
what light language is with
you doing a demonstration.
>>LYONS: OK.
>>NOORY: Could you do that?
Yes, yes.
So let me just tune in here
and see what the intention
is for this light language.
OK.
So this is going to be for you
but also for everyone watching.
And it's a heart chakra
attunement coming from Source.
>>LYONS: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>NOORY: Were you aware of
what you were just doing?
>>LYONS: Yes, I was aware.
But light language
doesn't translate
as a word-for-word
explanation, if we will,
because it's meant
to bypass the ego.
It's meant to speak directly
to the soul, the true essence
of our being to help us realign
or enter a harmonic rhythm
with a particular intention.
>>NOORY: I've never heard
that language before.
>>LYONS: Really?
How did how did you feel?
>>NOORY: It was intriguing.
>>LYONS: [LAUGHS]
So if you noticed,
I was also moving my hands.
>>NOORY: Quite a bit.
>>LYONS: My hands were creating
or following the sacred geometry
of what those sound codes were.
So you see, it's
all interconnected.
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
Where does that
language come from?
>>LYONS: Light language
can come from your own soul
because you are a Source
being, an energetic being.
>>NOORY: What were you saying?
>>LYONS: There's not a
word-for-word translation,
but I can give you an idea.
>>NOORY: Paraphrase it.
>>LYONS: Sure.
From what I saw, we were
going into the heart chakra.
And we were opening
up a new frequency
that can allow beings to relate
to reality from a place of fun,
joy, peace, and harmony.
So using sacred geometry
and those sound codes
to repattern and organize,
let's say, disharmonious energy
being stored in that center.
>>NOORY: I can tell, Erin, that
love is important in your life.
What is your true
definition of love?
>>LYONS: Love, to me,
is total acceptance
of all that is because
within this experience,
within creation, there's
high-vibrational,
there's low-vibrational, but it
all serves an intention for us
to expand as consciousness.
And when you are no longer in
judgment of anything or anyone
or anything that's
unfolding, that
is what true
unconditional love is.
And that is where Source resides
in the highest frequency of love
for all things
that are happening.
>>NOORY: How powerful is
love if it's applied right?
>>LYONS: Love is the
most powerful frequency
because our
related-to-quantum reality--
if I'm embodying a
frequency of love
and that's my dominant
state of being,
I'm going to be in
continual attraction
with other things that
will feel like love.
It really is the best way
to manifest your reality.
>>NOORY: We don't seem to
love enough on this planet.
Look at what's been
going on worldwide
since the beginning of mankind.
Why are we lacking that?
>>LYONS: Because we
have been conditioned
to believe in separation.
You see, when I believe
that my beliefs are better
than your beliefs or they
are right or correct,
and I have a need to control
you or overpower you or dominate
you, or when we believe we have
to hurt people to gain something
that we believe we
don't already have,
we're believing
that we're separate,
and we're also believing
that we lack things.
And those two states
of being always
manifest a lack of love that
can be accessed and experienced.
>>NOORY: How do we make that
quantum leap, Erin, and love?
>>LYONS: Begin developing an
unconditional relationship
with yourself.
You see, if I can't
unconditionally accept myself,
I can't unconditionally
accept others.
If I learn how to
unconditionally accept myself
in all of my perceived flaws
and these types of things,
I will be in a
state of being where
I have space to accept
and love other people.
>>NOORY: Do you
have to summon them?
Or do they just show
up in your life?
>>LYONS: At this point,
they really just show up.
However, at times,
I will sort of
invoke or initiate or
really set the intention
for the communication to occur.
>>NOORY: Does it take you a
long time to get into that mode?
>>LYONS: No, not really.
>>NOORY: Could you do
a demonstration for us?
>>LYONS: Yeah, absolutely.
>>NOORY: There's another one.
OK.
Channeling.
>>LYONS: Well, right
now, Source energy
is wanting to come through
as the dominant frequency
to work with.
Do you have questions
for us, George?
>>NOORY: Who am
I talking to now?
>>LYONS: All that is.
>>NOORY: Have you
occupied Erin Lyon's body?
>>LYONS: We are blended and
merged with her consciousness.
>>NOORY: And what have
you learned doing this?
>>LYONS: Through blending and
merging with her consciousness,
we are able to work
in her vocabulary,
the concepts contained
within her consciousness,
and interact with
you, with humanity.
>>NOORY: Why did you select her?
>>LYONS: She had the
vibration and the enthusiasm
regarding her love for creation,
her love for existence,
her love for all that
is, and a deep desire
to spread that love
amongst other beings.
But she is not more
special than any of you.
>>NOORY: Are you part of Source?
>>LYONS: We are all that is.
You see, there's nothing that
exists outside of all that is.
All there is, was, and ever
shall be is all there is.
>>NOORY: Did you
make all things?
>>LYONS: All things are
created from our consciousness,
the consciousness that
you are also connected to.
>>NOORY: How did
the universe start?
>>LYONS: The universe began
with us coming into "I am,"
the recognition that we existed.
Before that, we were just
floating around as nothingness,
bored.
And when we came into "I am,"
the next question was, well,
what am I?
What do I have the
potential to become?
possibility of experiencing?
>>NOORY: Before there was
a universe, what was there?
>>LYONS: Nothing.
>>NOORY: What is nothing?
>>LYONS: Everything.
True potential.
>>NOORY: And how did
you as Source get here?
>>LYONS: As energy becoming
conscious of itself.
But even before the awareness
of self, we always existed.
>>NOORY: What do you
think of the human spirit?
>>LYONS: One of the most
fabulous designs and creations
that have manifested
from consciousness.
>>NOORY: It does have its
good side and bad side.
>>LYONS: We do not see
in terms of good and bad.
We would say, you make
high-vibrational choices,
and you make
low-vibrational choices.
Nonetheless, we do not hold
judgment towards those choices,
knowing that you will always
return back to the infinite "I
am."
You see, these
experiences are temporary.
>>NOORY: Surely, though,
you see evil on this planet.
>>LYONS: We
recognize what humans
call evil as being a frequency
that can be experienced.
>>NOORY: Do you
believe in the devil?
>>LYONS: We are all
that is, so all things
are existent within us.
We would not
experience ourselves
as being separate from anything.
>>NOORY: So you're saying
the devil is within you?
>>LYONS: A manifestation of
what some within consciousness
are choosing to believe,
but nonetheless a part of us
because we are everything.
But it is an idea, a
concept that beings
can nurture and allow to exist.
>>NOORY: Do you ever get
vindictive to a human?
>>LYONS: We have no reason to.
We operate in unconditional
love because we recognize
the value in all
experiences in every part
of your being, all aspects--
>>NOORY: Do we have free will?
>>LYONS: --of who you are.
>>LYONS: Free will is the
basis of the universe,
for if we were to control
everything that you do,
it would defeat the
purpose of being
able to believe that
you are separate from us
and create realities
that you desire.
>>NOORY: Why don't you
step in and stop wars?
>>LYONS: Wars are
a manifestation
of a collective
consciousness vibrating
in a certain frequency.
It is a part of your free will.
For us to take away
your free will,
it would go against the
very laws of creation
that we have set forth.
>>NOORY: But you obviously
don't condone it?
>>LYONS: We see
things differently.
We see the opportunity that all
experiences possess and hold
as a gift to the soul.
Maybe not while you're
in the human body will
you see it from our
broader vantage point.
But surely, all
souls will reconcile
with their decisions
and their experiences,
and you see everything
you experienced
and everything that is
learned by your soul
also ripples into the
entirety of the creation,
and we all expand.
>>NOORY: What is the
future of mankind?
>>LYONS: Well, what
we will tell you today
is that you should
all be prepared
for your galactic brothers
and sisters who are coming.
>>NOORY: Oh, yeah?
>>LYONS: Already here
but coming to assist you
with learning how to reharmonize
with the rhythms and the cycles
of your planet and how different
sea levels will be shifting
on your planet that will change
the way that you have to live.
That is all that we
will say at this time.
>>NOORY: Can you bring
Erin back for us now?
>>LYONS: She's been
here the whole time.
>>NOORY: Erin?
>>LYONS: Yes?
Hello.
>>NOORY: Did you realize
the things you said?
>>LYONS: Yes.
I was pretty much
conscious for most of that.
It may start leaving me.
So the way that I channel,
it doesn't have to be,
let's say, a full
transchannel, so to speak.
It really is a blending.
The best way I can describe
it is a blending and a merging
wherein I'm accessing a flow
state where they can just
take over, but I
can also be present.
There are different degrees
of channeling and times
where I'm less
present, so we'll have
to see where my channeling
journey takes me.
>>NOORY: How do people
get a hold of you?
>>LYONS: People can reach me and
find me at erinlyonsofficial.com
or "Erin Lyons TV" on YouTube.
>>NOORY: E-R-I-N?
>>LYONS: Yes.
E-R-I-N L-Y-O-N-S.
>>NOORY: Erin, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>LYONS: Thank you so much
for having me, George.
I had a phenomenal
time with you.
>>NOORY: Tapping into the
Source, "the God," is fantastic.
And there are all
kinds of things
I've learned in this program.
I hope you have too.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]